Gary I hate to break it to you but the
world is on the brink of disaster world
crime is at an all-time high and the
only thing standing between order and
chaos is us
terrorize this and just what does this
have to do with me
last week in Paris we caught four
terrorists with a weapon of mass
destruction we have to find out who sold
it to them our only hope is to have
somebody act like a terrorist we need an
actor and they say you're the best
five tariffs going southeast on baka
laka Daka Street soon every country will
be in complete chaos to save the world
from falling apart
and so you see the new world is
inevitable it's what any a beginning a
Madiba
one more time even having about then
going to have a nobody going to change
one team must pool together
it's too soon to be having feelings for
you
maybe feelings are feelings because we
can't control them and turn the Earth's
darkest moment three more cities a body
into mankind's finest hour
this isn't about sex Garriott about
trust
all right let's make this interesting
okay yeah
[Music]
you